[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Receiving parameters.
Okay.
So let's take, for example,
ESPN.com, for example.
They have a page for
each individual NBA basketball team.
I don't' want to have to explicitly
write a brand new page for
every team in the NBA, right?
What I actually want to do is
I wanna write one page and
then have it adapt to
whatever team goes in it.
However, that means your page has to
be aware of how it's being reached.
So, for example,
if I want to go to teams/Jazz or
teams/Timberwolves
>> Brian Holt: Sorry.
I want them to go to the same page,
but with different parameters.
This is very possible and
very easy with Express.
>> Brian Holt: So, let's go ahead and
take a look at that.
>> Brian Holt: So,
we're gonna get out of here.
We're going to go to params, okay?
Npm install Express.
I'll let you do that.
Mine's already there, so I'm not gonna
keep wasting it, keep wasting bandwidth.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're going to go to params, app.js.
Close that one.
Okay?
This top by now should look
super familiar.
And we're gonna do app.get.
And then we have :name.
So, this is new, right?
We haven't seen this before.
That colon means this is going
to be some sort of parameter,
some sort of user generated, or not user
generated but dynamic parameter that I
want to be able to pass back to my server
so it knows exactly what to serve me.
>> Brian Holt: So in this particular
case we're going to set the header.
It's gonna be text.plan again.
And we're going to send
back you picked name.
So, it's really, it doesn't even
really care what the parameter is,
it's just going to give it back to you.
But that's how you get it back.
So this is the first time we're gonna
use req, which stands for requests,
if you don't remember.
And we're gonna look at the params,
and we're gonna get name.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question, I think,
when you're moving T to an examples,
they were wondering if there was a way
they didn't have to keep doing install,
but I think you touched that a little
bit with installing to each different
project, right?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
So, typically, you're not gonna
move between so many projects so
quickly, right?
We're doing a project every three minutes,
right?
That's totally and completely atypical.
Typically, you're gonna start on
a project, you're gonna work on it for
it x amount of time, but
you only have to nmp install Express once.
We're gonna talk about another way to do,
to manage dependencies that's a little bit
easier, but that's in just one second.
Okay.
So, how this code looking for you?
Does this is kinda make sense?
So let's take a look at
what it actually does.
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna do nodemon app.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
now we're gonna go to, back to our app.
And I'm gonna go to slash team slash Jazz,
right?
You picked jazz, you picked
>> Brian Holt: Timberwolves, right?
You picked anything.
[LAUGH] It doesn't actually really care.
So, but
that's just kind of a contrived example
of how to get user or
client input on the server.